[Music]
I've got a situation
Bianca she's got a brother you told me
be Hector was not a problem anymore
the anger isn't a problem thing that's
his problem
Santiago had the Mach speed budget I
leave my ridiculous y2 s them all to the
boys ever so what's this about my friend
my sister Bianca we can help you whoever
you are studying these was a message to
the king
he's not going to go away he's not going
to screw up we have to deal with him
and is about younger what difference is
it going to make to her now we have no
idea what he's capable of
anybody know he's only in blood can you
get out I don't like this whole any of
it you arranged all of it
everybody's looking for something in
this place
[Music]
lay down